Added upcoming events for after the summer (#812)
nf-core/nf-co.re: markdown/events/2021/bytesize-19-dsl2-pipeline-starter.md

---

> title: "Bytesize 19: Where do you begin? DSL2 pipeline introduction"
> subtitle: Harshil Patel - Francis Crick Institiute, UK

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Bytesize 19: Where do I begin writing my own DSL2 pipeline?!"
subtitle: Harshil Patel - Seqera Labs, Spain
```

Author: ![ooh](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/465550/124190391-7a949300-dac2-11eb-9586-d657c83dae04.gif)

Reviewer 2: ![](https://media2.giphy.com/media/wAxlCmeX1ri1y/giphy.gif)

type: talk
start_date: "2021-09-07"
start_time: "13:00 CEST"
start_date: "2021-09-07"
end_time: "13:30 CEST"
---

# nf-core/bytesize

Join us for an episode of our **weekly series** of short talks: **“nf-core/bytesize”**.

Just **15 minutes** + questions, we will be focussing on topics about using and developing nf-core pipelines.
These will be recorded and made available at <https://nf-co.re>
It is our hope that these talks / videos will build an archive of training material that can complement our documentation. Got an idea for a talk? Let us know on the [`#bytesize`](https://nfcore.slack.com/channels/bytesize) Slack channel!

## Bytesize 19: Where do you begin? DSL2 pipeline introduction

> This week, Harshil Patel ([@drpatelh](http://github.com/drpatelh/)) will present and introduction to developing pipelines in Nextflow DSL2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This week, Harshil Patel ([@drpatelh](http://github.com/drpatelh/)) will present an introduction to developing pipelines in Nextflow DSL2 using nf-core community standards.
```
